# functional-html
functional code for generating html. Uses bootstrap min (linked in html template) for styling.

To generate an html element, simply call its name as the function. For text-based elements,
there is 1 argument for the inner content that gets displayed. Once instantiated, you can add 
attributes defined as a string : string object mapping (JSON). Similar attributes will overwrite.
You can also add children elements in the form of a list. Child elements can be shared if declared
as variables, and therefore it must be taken into consideration if assigning an id to the elements.
As the project progresses, all generated elements will be given a unique id that can will be remembered
in the code for modularizing elements, i.e. if a button click causes content to shift on the page, only 
the effected areas will be regenerated by calling the generate function on the inner html of the desired 
sections' id, so that document.getElementById() can be universally used to distinguish all objects.

To see the html elements and bootstrap class functions available, see elements.js.

To create an element not supported, use 

<code>new_element(string label, object{string:string} attributes, string content, list[elements] children);</code>

with the attributes as {} and children as [] if they are not yet defined. Does not allow null or undefined.

In order to generate, the function needs to accept one element. Before calling this function, make sure
you have a single main element (such as a div, or container) containing everything else as descendants. 


